Release notes for 1.4.0 (#1197)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.4.0
=====
* Auto-start previously running sites on Studio launch #1166

> * Added a "What's New" popup that shows a list of new features in Studio after an update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a "What's New" popup that shows a list of new features in Studio minor and major releases
```

> * Added a "What's New" popup that shows a list of new features in Studio minor and major releases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a "What's New" popup that shows a list of new features in Studio
```

Reviewer 2: We can shorten it to avoid explaining when those can or will be shown.

Reviewer 3: I like that proposal as well.

> # Added a "What's New" popup that shows a list of new features in Studio after an update. #1173, #1186, #1178, #1184, #1185, #1183, #1181, #1175, #1176, #1171

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a "What's New" popup that shows a list of new features in Studio after an update. #1173, #1186, #1178, #1184, #1185, #1183, #1181, #1175, #1176, #1171
```

Reviewer: I think when we usually introduce a feature that was worked on in multiple PRs, we can skip listing those PRs e.g. as we did with the Sync feature
